Welcome to the wonderland of Gnomeregan!
My name is Gelbin Mekkatorque and I am the head Gnome techician in this country.
Do you want me to tell you more about this country?
;
The country has already has a long history.
Maybe over a thousan years.
Gnomeregan was the capital city of the our gnome race until a trogg invasion led to its tragic downfall. 
In a desperate attempt to kill the troggs, our ruler, on the advice of advisor Mekgineer Thermaplugg, 
detonated a radiation bomb in its halls, but only succeeded in corrupting whatever gnomes that remained
- and empowering the victorious troggs.(Click OK to continue)
;
Here is the history of Gnomeregan from your human being's history book.
" Located in Dun Morogh, the technological wonder known as Gnomeregan has been the gnomes' capital city for generations. 
Recently, a hostile race of mutant troggs infested several regions of Dun Morogh - including the great gnome city. 
In a desperate attempt to destroy the invading troggs, High Tinker Mekkatorque ordered the emergency venting of the city's radioactive waste tanks. 
Several gnomes sought shelter from the airborne pollutants as they waited for the troggs to die or flee.
(Click OK to continue)
;
Unfortunately, though the troggs became irradiated from the toxic assault - their siege continued, unabated. 
Those gnomes who were not killed by noxious seepage were forced to flee, seeking refuge in the nearby dwarven city of Ironforge.
There, High Tinker Mekkatorque set out to enlist brave souls to help his people reclaim their beloved city. 
It is rumored that Mekkatorque's once-trusted advisor, Mekgineer Thermaplugg, betrayed his people by allowing the invasion to happen. 
Now, his sanity shattered, Thermaplugg remains in Gnomeregan - furthering his dark schemes and acting as the city's new techno-overlord."
(Click OK to continue)
;
Please rebuild this city with me. I would be very glad to see a human rising to be a top technician!
Come! We have lotttts of things to do!!!
(Do you want any instructions?)
;
